# Frontend for the RoR-api

This project serves as a personal portfolio, it has 9-10 sql tables, users and admins, and defined what can user and admin do. It's made similar to a blog, it has couple places for posts (project page, personal blog page and travel page) and it has the ability to store comments and likes. The next thing to implement would be pictures and encorporating them also with the backend, but for now this is it. The project features a blend of bootstrap and pure CSS, and i really mean pure, it has some backgrounds generated by the CSS, simple to be more robust and fast, as a video would take up as much as 50mb and it will probably have a bad loop, but with the CSS animations it looks modern, sinchronized and has top 10kb of data. I didn't write all the CSS by myself, i see something i like on the web and then i edit it to suit my project, as buttons, animations and similar. The biggest problem i had on the project was making the goToPost(post id) on the Post component, as i was bashing my head to do the right thing so that it would work, i was forcing it to work with the $router.push and pushign the parameters, when i realised i can use such a ellegant and easy solution such as Vuex, which works like a charm! The project is still not done, but will probably be deployed on the web a day or two after writting this. 
I learned many cool concepts and practiced on old ones, i learned so much about Vue.js from the project and CSS animations also, i learned how to link the backend with the frontend, practiced the axios calls and the single page structure. I tried to follow the convention as much as possible, even though i know i could have done better at some certain points ( meaning on the large css i had directly on the .vue instead of exporting them to another location ), i practiced reusing components, as that is something i didn't do a long time ago! ( Couple months ago with React ) I also learned a couple of things about Vuex and will be planning to transfer it on Bootstrap Vue in the future, had some problems earlier so i ignored it. I learned the mounted lifecycle, how the data works, and the whole Vue filestructure of the <template> <script> <style> and how to use the maximum of it! That sums it about right for the whole project.

Hope you like it reader!

## Project setup
```
yarn install
```

### Compiles and hot-reloads for development
```
yarn serve
```

### Compiles and minifies for production
```
yarn build
```

### Lints and fixes files
```
yarn lint
```

### Customize configuration
See [Configuration Reference](https://cli.vuejs.org/config/).
